1b. Upload new version of code to jboullion to replace WordPress version
2. Build Admin Area
	a. Might need to build a custom login specifically for admin tasks?
	b. On custom (aka non google) login go to admin page that works like account page
	c. Add Channel, Edit Channel Forms
3. History, Liked, WatchLater
	a. Try to reuse code between them?
	b. Setup autoloading when reached bottom of page
4. DRY code
	a. A lot of fetch requests could be moved to the store and clean up our components
5. Search Functionality
	a. Style / Topic
		i. If running with wordpress update the script to save taxonomies as styles and topics
		ii. OR update the search to use the WordPress taxonomy tables
		iii. Also, make sure to populate the search / topic selects with the database
	e. Order?
		i. Order channels or videos
		ii. Alpha Order / Popularity? We could track the videos watched of users to learn which channels are most popular
7. MISC
	a. Non Native Lazy loading?
		i. Or figure out a way for native lazy loading to not load ugly.
		ii. https://medium.com/techintoo/image-lazy-loading-562156838a1 ?
	b. Video Descriptions
		i. Make sure the saving and displaying of video descriptions look nice and avoids HTML entities
		ii. Style the Video Description section
		iii. Show a "More / Less" description Functionality
X. Decide to move this into WordPress OR build a Symfony API
	0. TEST if the build version works as expected when used in a theme.
	a. WordPress would be much quicker and allows piggybacking off of a lot of features
		i. Caching the HTML should provide initial load times comparable to Symfony.
		ii. Investigate how much a PITA WordPress routes would be.
		iii. Perhaps WordPress should be headless? Move it into an "Admin" or "WordPress" folder?
		iv. https://snipcart.com/blog/wordpress-vue-headless
	b. Symfony would be much less bloat and Ultimately smaller and faster, though with fewer features

Y. Upload to jboullion.com under a subdomain
	a. mytube.jboullion.com?
Z. (OPTIONAL)
	a. Better Animations!
		i. Favorite should pulse / "beat" like a heart
	b. Update Styling
		i. Find a designer and have them give tips on typography, colors, and everything else

	a. Analytics
		i. Watch Time
		ii. Videos per session?